large numbers of Palestinians have
continued to flee from Han Yunis the
second biggest city after an Israeli
evacuation order the UN says that a
quarter of a million people have been
warned to move from the east of the city
they've been told to seek refuge in a
coastal area where there are few basic
Services Reports say that an Israeli air
strike killed 12 Palestinians who just
arrived there despite it being
designated as a safe Zone by Israel well
earlier I spoke to our Middle East Corr
respondent yolan Nell who gave us this
update so this is the latest evacuation
order from the Israeli military it was
issued on Monday evening and very
quickly we saw thousands of people uh
fleeing uh towards this Coastal area um
over in in the west of the Gaza Strip um
those scenes have been continuing
panicky chaotic people who've been
displaced already multiple times and the
reason just so many people are affected
in this part of Kanan yunes is because
the city although it had been largely
destroyed by an Israeli military
offensive that ended uh back in April
you'll remember that it was seen as
being a stronghold of Hamas well people
had begun to return to their homes there
even if they were camping out in the
rubble and then when Israel began its
ground assault in Rafa uh the
Southernmost city of Gaza back in may we
saw the UN said about a million people
fleeing from there and many of them
ended up uh in KH yunes uh now they're
on the move move again people saying
it's just really not clear where they
should go to uh for safety because as
you were saying um as much as there has
been some bombardment uh in the east of
of KH unun with the Israeli military
saying that one of the sites it hit was
a rocket launch site where Islamic
jihadist said to have launched Rockets
from uh on Monday uh but even in this
area that's been designated as a
humanitarian Zone we're getting a report
of an Israeli air strike that took place
yesterday um killing according to to the
reports we've seen from medic and local
people um a family who' just gone there
from unun have asked the Israeli
military for comments on that strike on
a building um where the family was
staying with other relatives of theirs
and they haven't yet been able to get
back to me with a comment so
difficulties when it comes to whether
this is a a a genuinely designated safe
Zone also the conditions on the ground
are we getting Aid through is the
situation improving somewhat at all when
it comes to getting aid distributors to
people or is it still a really difficult
situation
there I mean of course what's happening
now with this latest Mass displacement
of people is just going to complicate
things further but what we've seen
according to humanitarian agencies is
that the situation in the South and in
the center of the Gaza Strip has just
become um much much more difficult since
Israel launched its operation in Rafa
because uh that closed the the Rafa
Crossing with Egypt that was a main
crossing point for Aid coming to this
the most crowded part um of the Gaza
Strip you have most of the population uh
displaced and crammed down into this uh
half of the territory you land now there
in Jerusalem